## Assignment 3 
### Visualizing Qualitative and Textual Data
For this project, I decided to focus on election data. My inspiration for this project was an article I read back in April that I found really interesting. It talked about the demographics of nonvoters and what reasons they had for not voting, based on research from a Pew study. I essentially wanted to write a boiled down article that represented the data in a more visually appealing way. 
I focused specifically on two data ways of looking at the data, where the sample size was the people who were not registered to vote. First I listed the reasons they had for not registering. Most interestingly, the main reason had to do with not wanting to vote rather than a lack of accessibility or convenience. The next graph took the group of respondents who cited that as a reason and asked them to look at another list of more detailed reasons and mark whether each was a major or minor factor, or not a factor in their decision not to register. What I wanted to show here was the difference between the most cited reasons and the least cited reasons. I originally had these in the form of a stacked bar chart, but decided that small multiples was a better direction to go. I also decided to leave out the value “not a reason” since it was just equal to the absence of the first two reasons.
Although I would’ve liked to create the last visual in d3, I ran out of time. However, I believe that the important piece of data here isn’t the exact percentages but the pattern of what counted as a factor and what didn’t.
Based on The Intercept article and other data cited, there is a lot more that could be explored for this project. For example, I would’ve liked to create a scrolly-telling style visualization and include charts of the specific demographics in the beginning, rather than just state the summary in one sentence. Hopefully in the future I can work on these iterations.
